Brent Hasse: Through you all here.
Brent Hasse: We're here for a reason, so just keep going through it. So I'll go through kind of my thought process. And it's really great the way Neil and Chloe kind of put this together. You're going to be able to see a couple of different versions of what different people do to kind of achieve the same result here. So high level for flat. So we're in all in one solution for homeowners. But we're actually building. We're a middleware data pipeline. That is a completely white labeled in branded app
Brent Hasse: that home service companies, home warranty companies, insurance companies use to put their branding on, and then provide to their customers the homeowner, so they could actually manage their home and understanding what to do. And we have a couple of different layers in there, but high level, that's that's what we're working on, and very different than what we had when we started with techstars. When we came into techstars. We were a direct consumer subscription service, where we would send handy people to your house to do maintenance, repair.
Brent Hasse: and kind of a light inspection, and there'd be a concierge. But through all these iterations this is where we're at now, and we're at those early stages of product market fit. And it's a it's a fun. It's even
Brent Hasse: more. It's more exciting now, because you've been through all the tough times. So
George Haikal: Good question before you move on Brent. Do you mind teasing a little bit of how you went about that transition.
Brent Hasse: I I that which I know I think we'll talk about later. Through it. It's the only way to
Brent Hasse: to say it is. It's these slow, these little turns everywhere you go, and learning these iterations, and truly understanding the job to be done. To really go in these small little shifts where, looking back, it was a complete, you know, 180
Brent Hasse: of what we were doing, still the same goal, but just a different way to get through the distribution. So just the complete testing and iterating. And it's gonna feel like you're failing. And it's a square peg round hole. But kind of keep believing in what you're doing and actually believing with it because of the data or the feedback. And you just kind of keep changing and shifting the product slightly to to get there. And we're we're getting close to that point.
George Haikal: Yeah, the
George Haikal: the fundamental group that he's trying to solve for. And the problem he's trying to solve is the pretty similar to what it was 2 years ago, but the number of iterations he's gone through to get to his current stage where he's releasing signs of product market. That's some really exciting stuff that I'll let Brent share later. It's there are so many things he tested, that we have a separate talk where he goes into it.
George Haikal: That we'll we'll we'll see Brent again later in program. It's a really good story.
George Haikal: Thank you, brother.
Brent Hasse: Yeah. So we'll we'll get started. Chloe. I already kind of talked about what you need to do. Why, you do the investor updates.
Brent Hasse: Well, I'll talk a little bit about who we're gonna have, who we're gonna put on those invites and everything into it. I'm just gonna start now with the subject line of what you need to do. And this was some feedback I got. Actually, when I was in techstars, you could kind of see here weeks, one through 6
Brent Hasse: flat weekly update pretty basic some decent engagement. And then, Liliana.
Brent Hasse: challenge me is like, Hey, get more creative with these subject titles. So then we're able to go through. And you know, I got 2 autographs this week, like I signed 2 contracts and just different ways to try to grab people's attention, and it really helps me actually go back and like, what am I summarizing in this week? What's a good word or phrase I could use for this. So something just from the subject line make sure it jumps out. You still need to have the, you know, blocking and tackling
Brent Hasse: where it's like, Hey Week 11 flat update, but also try to have something in there to try to push yourself and challenge yourself to make it a little more exciting than just a flat week. 5 update. So something super simple you could do from the very beginning. And I, as hand up, am not a creative person. I don't think of myself as a creative person. I never thought you could learn to be creative.
Brent Hasse: It is a process. You can break it down. But the best way to do it is to just keep, you know, trying trying new things and seeing what works. So once we get into the actual email itself. Here.
Brent Hasse: this is my week, my actual week. One techstars email sent it from our retreat, finishing it up there, which I know we weren't supposed to do, but was running behind, so I had to figure it out. And what I wanted to convey are these weekly shout outs. So the 1st thing. There is something that I still do to this day on some of my emails.
Brent Hasse: And those are the people that were very helpful to you that week. And it's a great and a lot of the times those people are actually on these emails as well. These people are extremely successful. You're going to run into a lot of very successful people as mentors through the techstars.
Brent Hasse: But guess what everyone wants
Brent Hasse: and needs appreciation. So being able to go through these people I have on here. They don't need me, Brent Hassey saying. Thank you. Look at this shout out, but it means something to them, but they also know that their name.
Brent Hasse: There's other people on this email. So now they in front of their peers get the recognition that that they want so such an easy thing to do, and I still do it to this day. And then from there we kind of go through the Kpis, the key performance indicators, which is a whole separate thing which you'll talk about. Mine have continuously changed over time.
Antoine Carriere: Okay.
Brent Hasse: But just having
Brent Hasse: quantitative data there, just to be able to show you kind of where you're at. Some people, some people do graphs as you get deeper in, you'll kind of figure that out, but something with the numbers.
Brent Hasse: And then I broke mine out. Good news, bad news, what we learned.
Brent Hasse: and then how you can help.
Brent Hasse: I'll get into here in a second of kind of diving into the bad news aspect of it, but want to be able to get through. Here's kind of the highs, the lows. And then really, this, the what we learned part is showing you is showing these potential investors which are the people on your email list that you have the critical thinking as to why these things happened
Brent Hasse: and what you're going to do about it. It's not just saying, Hey, here's the good news. Here's the bad, but it's the actual processing of it to understand you. So you can start seeing how you actually go through this process.
George Haikal: If I can just throw in one thing real quick to emphasize on the bad news front. It's an immediate tell to investors and everyone else.
George Haikal: If you don't have anything with knowledge at your account.
George Haikal: Everything is all good. It's all just like pretty, like, we know. That's not true. Right? So it's really important to almost like bear your soul a bit to acknowledge some of the. Now it is important to be mindful of not trying to cast too negative of a light.
George Haikal: because you want it from a interest. There's a few strategies for that which bring to the knowledge as well. But I thought it was really cool that even in the 1st week update included patterns.
George Haikal: Right, John.
George Haikal: it gives people an opportunity to plug in and be helpful. And I love the what we learned. I don't necessarily see that in every update. But the idea of showcasing that critical thinking and how you're processing over time, it lets you create sort of a narrative.
George Haikal: And back to that point of lines, not dots. It shows you where you were at versus where you're going, and provides a touch point based on the previous update, which I know Brent is going to touch on a little bit more. But I love that, and the shout outs like the shout out to like a jury of your peers is really important. And people remember when they're in your shout out emails like, I remember.
George Haikal: It's it's just a nice thing. And mentors mentors do appreciate it a lot.
Brent Hasse: And then how you can help which you'll see. I'm kind of taking you through the entire timeline here of when I started, kind of where we're at. You'll see. I've shifted this over time, but really, how you can help. That's during techstars. That's why people are here to help you. So be very specific and pointed here with your asks. Mine's fairly generic. Mine are saying, here we're conducting more interviews with home insurance companies. We need 5 to 10 people
Brent Hasse: verse, which I'll get into here in a second if you if I said, Hey, I need to talk to 3 people, one from State Farm, one from all State, and one from Progressive, and I attached, you know, and I had a hyperlink there to the Linkedin pages of the people for those. Just try to make it so easy for them to help you is something we could go through as well and
Brent Hasse: from techstar to kind of see the techstars updates, and then I'll go through like my post techstars, updates. They're just for both of them. They're such a great way. Therapeutic may not be the right word. But to really just take a step back and look about. Look at all the stuff you've done, because you'll go through these weeks like, how has it already been a week?
Brent Hasse: What have I done? Then you sit back and you actually go through everything, and you're able to go and get that self recognition that you do need and should have and give yourself some grace that you are making progress through that
George Haikal: That's wait, Brent, can I back you up real quick?
George Haikal: What is at the top of that email?
Brent Hasse: Here.
George Haikal: Very, very, very tough little update
George Haikal: on the context. Okay, we'll do a comparison between this and your next one. But for
George Haikal: folks week one up updates at the end of this week. Who should they be sending them to.
Brent Hasse: Oh, sorry. Yeah, I I have that blocked off of of who that is. So.
Brent Hasse: for you all, I think it's it's what invest? What's the email for techsars?
George Haikal: dates@textures.com.
Brent Hasse: There we go. So that. And then the entire techsars team that we're working with. And then any of the mentors or speakers that came in. I asked them if I could include them on my updates. Anyone who said yes, I would include them on that, but also for for techsars. I included my family, like my sister, still to this day talks about how she was able to like, understand what I was doing. Going through this process, my friends, because this is a lot of time away from that. Your employees.
Brent Hasse: you know again the transparency side of it where you're they're along for this ride as well. There's people who maybe aren't in the program with you friends, family, all of that. And it's really cool, and they really appreciate it and provide a little more context of what you're actually working on.
George Haikal: Absolutely. Thank you. Thank you.
Brent Hasse: Yep.
George Haikal: So wide group of people you can include. One thing I want to double tap on is you get consent from people you ask if they want to be added to these emails.
George Haikal: And if you get a yes, then you can add them. Don't just randomly add people. The weekly update cadence that we do during techstars is a lot. It is too much for normal updates. So just want to be really, really clear about consent for updates always, but especially during techstars, with the cadence that we're running at. Some founders. Just add some people.
George Haikal: and then I don't know if that's been. I haven't heard anything negative about that, but I think the convention is what
George Haikal: or you add some sort of unsubscribe feature. This is just because I do all the data protection stuff for this accelerator. And there are rules.
George Haikal: Make it so people can remove themselves easily if you're gonna willy-nilly.
George Haikal: But for mentors years whatever the standard is that you ask if you if if they'd like to be added to your updates and proceed from there.
George Haikal: that's correct.
Brent Hasse: And then to really dive into what Neil is talking about. This is from one of my updates within techstars of the bad news, and it's it's sharing, not great stuff. We lost 7.5% of our techstars investment in like a day
Brent Hasse: through an experiment we were, we were running and seeing if we could do some repairs, and ran into this horrific job of trying to solve a door. It was just we're getting scared. It was a terrible, terrible learning experience. But what I did here is we we talked through why we were doing it, and what we're hoping to achieve by doing this.
Brent Hasse: what happened?
Brent Hasse: Why, that happened, and then how we're going to make sure that doesn't happen again again. It kind of goes through that whole thought process, and it is a fine line. I'm very self deprecating. Make jokes where that's just kind of my personality. But it is a fine line of
Brent Hasse: sharing, just like all the negativity. You're not trying to do that, but you're also not trying to hide anything. You're just trying to show them, hey? We made a mistake. Here's what we were trying to do. Here's why it didn't work out. And here's what we're able to do, and we lost $1,500 on a job, we would have been better off just not even doing it. But
Brent Hasse: that is how you learn, and that's how you know. I'll take that $1,500 to know that that didn't set us up for a $20,000 loss in the future, trying to do something. We're not capable of doing so. Just make sure you're being honest with yourself, too. And it's more of the thought process of why it didn't work and what you're going to do about it.
George Haikal: Yeah, and something you do in your your bad news. Sections. Really? Well, Brent, is you either like conclude it with a learning or an open question and ask.
George Haikal: So by the time the bad news is being shared, it's been triaged out by you and your team to the point where it's actionable.
George Haikal: It's not just like everything's on fire. Everything's burning. It's like, this is the problem. This is my understanding of it. This is what we learned. Or this is what we're doing about it. And here's how you can support.
Brent Hasse: 100 100%, 100%
Brent Hasse: now getting into. Now, you'll see like, kind of week. 9 update of, you know. Be, you be be personable. So I've had 3 kids.
Brent Hasse: and my wife was going out of town for the weekend, and I had all 3 kids for myself, plus whatever the text, are stuff which again, I understand. Like as like the dad, I'm supposed to never be around my kids. I don't know what I'm supposed to be doing. So I have the ability to say, Hey, you know 3, you know, one man and 3 babies like talking through a little bit of my personal life. Understand? You know I
Brent Hasse: seem like some people may or may not be able to get away with that joke, but being able to do that.
Brent Hasse: Just look at this. These are 3 sentences, 4 sentences here, talking about my personal life kids. I have just kind of humanize me a little bit, you know a little lighthearted joke talking about what we're doing this weekend shout out to the techstars cohort parents for giving me some ideas, and then we're into the real life.
Brent Hasse: real flat stuff, so very short, sweet, and being able to go through that. But everyone that's on this update, I become more of a person than just, you know, potentially just another email coming through.
George Haikal: And as a point of information, there were a
George Haikal: grab ton of kids in this class. I know all of my house running around, jumping all the furniture it just like came over on the weekend. All the parents probably came over.
George Haikal: Yeah.
George Haikal: but also for this, it's like the perfect balance of like a little personal anecdote, a little point of connection to humanize without like giving away too much personal information like, it's not too much
George Haikal: perfect little balance. There.
Brent Hasse: You'll be able to go through that. And I'll say this again. This works for me. You also have to be this. This has to be what you want. If someone else tried to do this, and that's not their personality, it's going to come off as inauthentic, and that's going to be the complete opposite of what you want. So if you're a very professional person, then keep it professional, but have have a little bit of personality in there and challenge yourself. It doesn't need to be fully, and then the opposite. If you're very open book, this doesn't need to be a diary about your life
Brent Hasse: of sharing everything with it. So it's being able to kind of have a little bit of the both of those.
George Haikal: Absolutely sorry while we're on that page. We've got a question about your subject lines, did you? A B test pithy statement flat week. Whatever update versus flat week, whatever update pithy statement, so like your title, 1st versus, like the labeling of the week, first.st
Brent Hasse: So no. So going back to this slide, I just kind of had the flat update, and I did not push it one way or the other. I did not test putting my new line after it. I did not do that.
George Haikal: Yeah, I feel like for for Antoine. You want people to be able to see the subject line and then search for the weekly update.
George Haikal: So you'd want that 1st like that. That's what makes the most sense in my brain.
George Haikal: Oh, yeah, thank you.
Brent Hasse: That's something good to test for sure.
Brent Hasse: We'll get into now. So this is my true investor update. So I do 2 updates after so techsars you have your weekly, some of my cohort. They kept doing weekly, which was way too much for me. Some even were doing monthly.
Brent Hasse: for how quick you're moving.
Brent Hasse: Do what you're comfortable with. I very quickly moved to quarterly and very consistent. You have to have, no matter what you do. It has to be consistent. Because if you don't, then that's just a whole reflection of you, and how you you run your company. So this is like an actual, true investor update which does have
Brent Hasse: financials in it. These are all real financials, customer information. And then the next slide I'll show you is more going through my generic update, and that one is a much larger list without a bunch of information in it.
George Haikal: So before we move to the like more general stakeholder. Update how do you gather all this data like, where do you go. What's the routine? Do you have like a calendar block to sit down and write this like? How does that go for you?
Brent Hasse: Yep. So I have a recurring thing in my calendar where it just tells me what to do or when I'm going to do it. I mean, it takes 4 to 8 HI don't sit down and do it all in one swoop. I usually kind of go through. I framework it. I look at my last quarterly update because it is storytelling and think about it as like a chapter in a book.
Brent Hasse: I need to go back and make sure it flows from any questions I had to answer those on my next one or anything I would need to carry over from from there. So I do. I go through that.
Brent Hasse: I'm a Bullet Points person. I like going through my bullet points. And then throughout the week I usually write it over a week.
Brent Hasse: Then I go and kind of fill in more of the commentary, and I do the bullet points first, st and then I come back, and I do the summary last, because then I've been able to go and kind of process all the information, and then go through and write a thoughtful summary in the beginning.
George Haikal: Absolutely something. I also want to flag here. In this version. So this is just France. Investors like literally people on the cap table. Correct.
Brent Hasse: Correct.
George Haikal: Prospective investors, or just people who have already put through checks.
Brent Hasse: These are just the ones who I have their checks. But from a fundraising side all of these are saved in my
Brent Hasse: Oh, my gosh, my! My call, my storage locker! But whatever you want to have your data room of being able to have those, and then I share all those with them so they could see.
Brent Hasse: Here's the investors before I was even talking to you. Here's all my investor updates, so you could see everything and the cadence of that.
George Haikal: Absolutely. So you're actively using that to to show that narrative after the fact. I just want to point out the big ask is up top here. So this is a really close group of people who have actively put checks in to flat and are are literally skin in the game towards helping Brent succeed. And that ask is right up front. For this version
George Haikal: lets people plug in really easily.
Brent Hasse: Yeah. So that's where I initially have it highlighted and bigger. Even so, being able to go through that, the other thing I used to have financials actually, next year, because I thought my investors would want to know financially how we're doing feedback from the investors. Put that last like, I want to just understand how we're doing, and then I'll scroll to that at the end. So I didn't move that at the end, with kind of our quarterly
Brent Hasse: losses, and then with our goal and projected, and we ended up being profitable. Q. 4, and be able to to go and kind of go through that. So, looking at this narrative, this is exactly kind of the the narrative that we're at. So I
Brent Hasse: I've started reading a lot more, and I always look for good quotes. It's just something a quick way to kind of reset myself. So I anything I've read that quarter. I try to think of a quote throughout all of that, and put that in there and then just a little commentary here, which, if this is the only thing an investor reads, then I'm good with it, being able to go through a good summary of where we're at, and then I get into more of the kpis
Brent Hasse: with my forecast of who we should be closing over the next quarters and then again into some some product stuff. People love pictures, a lot of screenshots there, and then dive a little bit deeper into the pipeline.
Brent Hasse: into the financials.
George Haikal: Awesome. Do these buckets change quarter to quarter.
Brent Hasse: I keep them pretty consistent. But they have shifted over time, even if you go from. You know the tech stars tech stars. One the good news, bad news, what we learned again, that was techstars focus. That's what we should be doing, iterating on a weekly basis. Now that we've kind of have more of a a roadmap of where we're going. These are the things that are important to us right now, and and will shift over time. Absolutely
Brent Hasse: so like, I said, these are my true investor updates only to people that are actually on my cap table. I don't do friends and family on these, but we will be able to, you know. Go to that here in a second. Anything more on this one. Chloe.
George Haikal: That's perfect. Thanks.
Brent Hasse: This is the I call the network update. So this is the very high level. This is the rainbows, the sunshine. Everything is great at flat. You all are missing out. This is how we could, partner. Everything is good.
Brent Hasse: kind of going through anyone that I've talked to, and to Neil's point
Brent Hasse: after techstars after, like the mentor side, you'll you'll realize, kind of who you who you reach out to and help answer questions from, and
Brent Hasse: I don't add everyone from that end. But any single person I've ever talked to about flat is now on this distribution list, and I don't ask them. They have an ability to opt out or unsubscribe. But I don't ask them. I just go through my calendar. I'm sure there's a software that could do this, but each month I just go through my calendar quickly, look to my my invites, and just copy it over to to my contacts sheet and save it and get it all pushed out.
Brent Hasse: So like I said, this is the all great news you know. Reminder of. Here's here's who we are, cause I I think about flat all day every day, not everyone does. So here's a quick reminder about who we are again, with the easy hyperlinks to show them what we're gonna do.
Brent Hasse: And then all the good stuff that we're up to, any news articles you have, any integrations, any big names you have being able to go through that. And I and I did have some asks in here, too. A little bit further down, just because the importance of it. This is more about just kind of the the iteration of it, and solely because of this.
Brent Hasse: these updates. Here we we signed a customer which we were able to get some good money on a monthly basis and a 1 time basis. Strictly because of this, it was someone who was doing something similar to what we were doing with flat initially. And now that we built out the software, they're just gonna be using our software. So it's you never know who you're actually gonna be be meeting with here.
George Haikal: Okay, quick, double tap. And then we've got a question. Your one liner should always be at the top of your update emails unless it's literally just to people who have already given you a check and absolutely know who you are and have spent out like weeks diving through your data room and like, totally understand your business, it's going to any wider of an audience.
George Haikal: These people are receiving lots of updates, mentors receive a lot of updates
George Haikal: people you're contacting in general like can totally forget who you are. Having. That one liner reminder is really nice. And even if you're like changing how you think about your business like keeping an updated one liner. Super super important, Brent. Thanks for hitting on that. And then, Alex.
George Haikal: if I'm just, are all of your clients. Single network interface.
George Haikal: are all of your clients receiving those network updates.
Brent Hasse: Say that again? Are all the clients. What.
George Haikal: Are, are all of your customers on this network update list.
Brent Hasse: No, no, so that's something that I've I I some of them are I or people that we are talking to, or like trying to close a deal with. I I keep, I mark those. And I try to use that strategically. You know, if I have a big update and it's kind of create a fomo of somebody. Yes, but if it's maybe like a potential competitor form, I want to keep under the radar, then I don't. So in my sheet. I haven't marked, you know, customer, potential customer, investor, potential investor. They will go through that
Brent Hasse: and I was going to show here. These are, I need to update this slide. But this is from last year of my quarterly up or my non investor updates 72 responses and 91 responses.
Brent Hasse: And those are people just saying, Hey, congrats love what you're doing, or Hey, I want to introduce you to somebody. It's people want to help you, and it is a very gratifying to go and to have people you talked to a year ago. They still remember you, and they still want to know what you're working on, and to kind of see that progress. So
Brent Hasse: from a like a larger level here, I'd say.
Brent Hasse: you know this, it takes time. But it's very helpful for you. I think you lose sight of how much progress you're making when you're not doing these updates. When you do these updates. You sit down, you think about it. It's hard to do, but it is something that shows consistency, and it really does. There's a lot of self gratification from it, and and therapeutic by going through this and kind of seeing what you're working on.
George Haikal: Awesome another question in the chat. If you're comfortable sharing how many people are on your network distribution list.
Brent Hasse: I'd have to. I mean, it's probably close to 500 now, if not more.
George Haikal: Oh, 20% response rate is crazy.
George Haikal: Hold on, yeah, what we've done.
George Haikal: Do you have people in CC, BCC, or do you use like a mail, merge, tool.
Brent Hasse: Oh, great, yeah. So I'm pretty basic with all that. It's funny being a tech company where I do my updates in Google sheets or sorry in in Google docs. And I just literally duplicate it. And I kind of go through. And I update it. Copy paste formatting. Make sure you're doing it all right, and then I just put everyone in the BCC. And no one else could see it. Usually copy myself or my co-founder in the CC,
Brent Hasse: and just really go from there. So that's that's how I do it. I know I always forget the name of these tools. Half my cohort. Use these tools to go and put together their updates and send them out and keep track of them.
Brent Hasse: They're great. It's just something that I didn't do. And and I'm I'm good with kind of the way that this is going, but there's some really good tools out there that make this probably a little bit easier than I'm doing it. It's just kind of what I've done.
George Haikal: Awesome. Yeah. One simple middle tool that I've recommended to people I realized like I thought, like everybody knew is
George Haikal: yam
George Haikal: get another mail merge by Amm, that's a really stead, simple one that I use all the time. So it's 1 where you take a spreadsheet like a Google sheet.
George Haikal: You can create variables. And you have a list of emails and names. And it
George Haikal: does all of us the rest of the way. It allows me to very quickly customize messages for individuals that I want to present custom messages to, and everyone else will get the standards or you customize it for everyone.
George Haikal: Yeah, all your pre program updates where your 1st names were in there, those through that you'll receive the same thing. But you can send 50 messages a day for free. It's a good tool, but generally you won't want to send these updates to anyone in the 2 line or CC, it's either BCC. Or mail merge to send out individual ones. You don't want to share people's contact info with each other unless they are like that.
George Haikal: You have a couple of questions.
George Haikal: Chris.
George Haikal: I'm curious to know what were your thought. What was your thoughts as you think about agencies? How often you want to send these like going from, you know, a month to month, week month, and then eventually 4 to 4
George Haikal: side of it.
Brent Hasse: It's good.
Brent Hasse: Yeah, I kind of the the cadences. I mean techsars. You have to do weekly cause you are iterating so much. And then I probably did monthly for the next 6 months, because you are still kind of figuring out that process.
Brent Hasse: The the Quarterly I'd say in, you know, the larger business world is is enough. And even talking to my investors, I asked them, and they said, quarterly is absolutely fine. So getting kind of their feedback and their buy in
Brent Hasse: monthly. I mean, as we're you're learning. And I would love if we could do monthly updates. And we have like wild, great, crazy stuff to share. We're going to do it because we actually have. I do one off updates like we just signed a deal with this. It's called Mike Holmes is up in in Canada, and we're gonna be doing a huge thing with them up in Canada. So I sent out a separate email to my investor list, saying, Hey, big deal just closed. So I have some of those one offs from time to time. But these are
Brent Hasse: the way I do. It is like these are very well thought out. Large, big, big picture. Here's where we're at. Here's where we're going, and then to be able to tell that story, and I think just on a quarterly basis. It's monthly months go by so fast. Weeks go by so fast. And it's
Brent Hasse: the stuff you're working on, you know, month to month could shift and change so it could appear. At least the way I thought about it is like you're constantly just like chasing new stuff versus being able to have one big thought
Brent Hasse: throughout that quarterly basis. But you may have investors that want it more frequently, but quarterly seems to be talked with a lot of founders as a pretty good cadence. I know, you know some larger companies potentially do less as they get going and do more board of director stuff. But that's kind of where we're at. And as far as the non investor.
Brent Hasse: I just did every 6 months. Because quarterly, I get emails like that sometimes from people. And just time goes by so fast and like, Oh, I just, I, just, I just got this quarterly update. It felt like a week ago. So 6 months it allows for a lot of progress to be made, and just a great way to to stay in touch.
George Haikal: As far as you know, like here, this was like, Yeah.
George Haikal: hey, this is what is, gonna be my
George Haikal: my output versus like what the what individual users.
Brent Hasse: I couldn't hear.
George Haikal: Okay, for reference. There are mics through this side of this row of desks. So
George Haikal: folks in the back just shout in that direction. But he was asking about how you divide responsibilities in the team for the for the updates and different categories. And if you do a weekly or bi-weekly newsletter, and how that plays in and whether it's you doing the update or someone else on your team.
Brent Hasse: Got it? No, I mean as a CEO. I think this falls on the CEO. This is your job to collect that information from your team. And if there are certain aspects like product, yeah, I have my co-founder who's able to go and put some of that together for me. You don't maybe have to write it all. But again, this is a storytelling. So you don't want it's you're gonna feel it if you're reading something, and it feels very piecemeal together, you as a CEO, and you'd be able to go. Put your thoughts through it and be able to go in
Brent Hasse: share that. But you, your team definitely can help you with it, whether it's pulling some financial stuff, giving you details, pipeline. But you should be the one sitting down and going through that because it's your story that you're telling.
George Haikal: Especially since. The conversations that you're hoping to spark through these updates are CEO level conversations, whether it's with investors or potential clients like at this stage when it's typically founder led sales.
George Haikal: like it should be the person writing it who's gonna handle it. If that makes sense, you, too.
George Haikal: You like marketing emails. The network update is is essentially marketing. Right?
Brent Hasse: Yeah, the because I get some of those like the the general updates weekly, I mean, yeah. So that'd be similar to what I do. You know the bi-weekly non investor? Sorry. Biannual non investor updates. I know some people I get those monthly updates. Here's a product we made. It is. It's a
Brent Hasse: a good use of of time. I just don't do that.
George Haikal: Yeah. So it's just the the 2 sets
George Haikal: awesome. Any other questions for Brent. Yeah, Meg, you know, you guys have a partner. It's called Exec, and it's like for doing, running your board meetings and sending out board updates.
George Haikal: So putting it all in inside the email versus clicking through and having it on like a page.
George Haikal: So I have not used that, and no one who has used that because you has, like, shared their experience with me in enough detail that I'd feel comfortable speaking on it. But generally, with these updates it is easier to it. It tends to be higher impact when there's fewer clicks.
George Haikal: so as like readable as possible as actionable as possible. We'll talk through Linkedin magic links tomorrow, but making it like one click to see. Do I know any of these people that they want to be connected with? Lots of people will be reading through these fairly quickly. Some people will sit down and and really read it. But the more low lift impact you can
George Haikal: like give through these emails the better in terms of tooling. People have had really good experiences with Paperstreetvc text 1st has a deal with them. In terms of just something easy to compile data. It is paid. You do not have to pay for it. The Google Doc totally totally works. It does not need to be anything. Fancy just some people like having that sort of notes, tool? Almost to collect that data. Totally personal preference there.
George Haikal: Simpler is better usually by default.
George Haikal: Awesome.
George Haikal: Thanks, Brent.
George Haikal: Okay, we'll dive into, and we'll keep doing questions throughout. But if you want to introduce yourself real quick, Hi! Is Britt hanging on? Or is he dropping off
George Haikal: Brent? If you're able to stay on and continue to answer questions. Yeah, at the very least. Like, Brent. Thank you for that overview. That's awesome, super helpful
George Haikal: topic.
Mircea Gogoncea: Hi, everybody that was so cool. Brent, thank you so much for sharing. It's so funny. The update that Chloe and Neil has asked me to share is actually titled 3 siblings. I don't have 3 kids where you actually do, and I'll show you in a second. So before we get to that. Hi, everybody! My name is Mircha. It's kind of like a meerkat dancing the cha-cha.
Mircea Gogoncea: I know you wouldn't get that from the spelling of my name in English, but I promise you it's normal where I'm from. I went through techstars, Oakland in 2024, and I had the privilege and the amazing fun of working with Chloe and with Neil, and with Liliana and a few other people that you will meet throughout the cohort, and it's been the ride of our lifetime. It's been
Mircea Gogoncea: really, really awesome. I'm the CEO and founder of Cicada Cicada, like the Bug, was originally purely a music tech company. I'm also a professional musician and a professor for guitar at Ucla, and after techstars we actually pivoted from live music events into a more general set of tools for all sorts of events.
Mircea Gogoncea: It's this whole thing. We powered our demo day virtual brochure. Likely we're gonna do it again this next cohort. So you will actually get to use our product at the end of your time, at techstars hopefully. And now we have a new product out in the market as well, which is very, very exciting. That's kind of that's kind of the 1 min. Intro Chloe. Should I go into more detail.
George Haikal: That. That's perfect for the update itself. Sharing context about the timing and where you were would be helpful.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, great. I'm about to do that perfect. Yeah. So the reason why Chloe has asked me to speak today, I believe, please correct me if it's wrong, is that I actually just had an update go slightly viral in the sense that it averaged about 5 opens per recipient, which is a lot. We normally average about 1 1 to one and a half opens per recipient. So I believe that some of my recipients have
Mircea Gogoncea: forwarded it, or maybe they are just really in love with it, and they're just opening it every day to read it before they go to bed. I believe the 1st one is more likely, though, so you know, an important reminder that you should treat this stuff as public because you don't know if people might actually forward forward. And I'll tell you some of my choices, some of which might be questionable, like, for example, the fact that we share full financials with everybody except for the
Mircea Gogoncea: network updates that we also do occasionally. But all the mentors from techstars that we met during the program that are still on our list. Not all are. But the ones that are still on our list are actually getting full financial data as well, which is maybe slightly too transparent. I don't know if it's Tmi too much information. But that is a choice. So at the time that I wrote this update, that was 8 days ago, our music product
Mircea Gogoncea: is going flat. It is not growing very fast right now. We have this exciting future with virtual brochures, this product that we're using at demo days around the Us. And Australia, and a few other countries which is growing. And then we have this new product, which is really really exciting and completely new, just launched a month before this
Mircea Gogoncea: update went live. And so I was struggling to figure out how to tell the story of
Mircea Gogoncea: 3 products like, what what kind of startup is that that does like 3 products at once. And like, there's this new thing. But we're not giving up on the old thing like it was complex, you know, and so I really thought I spent some time thinking of analogies that I could use, and I ended up coming up with this family analogy, where we have 3 sibling products at the moment.
Mircea Gogoncea: and the old sibling cicada music and cicada virtual brochures are twins because they are more related to each other, and the new product is unplanned. It's a younger sibling that is suddenly getting all the attention. But you know that was not expected by anyone including us. And so I'm just going to share my actual update here. This is uncensored. So you'll see our actual
Mircea Gogoncea: data.
George Haikal: Real quick. I do want to add that Brent presented to Myrtra's class, and so, like the the continuation of of good good update titles is generational at this point.
Mircea Gogoncea: And I don't remember. So I remember Brent presenting to us. But I don't remember him talking about the 3 siblings and the fact that our latest update has. This title is just. I don't know if some inception level, you know, thing happened or like. It was just a pure coincidence. But but that's what I did. I was struggling to come up with an analogy. You can see my screen right? You can see where it says the 3 Siblings update.
George Haikal: Yeah. Oh, it's perfect.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah. And so one of the 1st ideas that I had was, I was. I'm going to color code it every time I say, confit. The new product is going to be red every time. I say, cicada, music is going to be black and bold, and every time that I see cicada brochures is going to be green, and so I color coded it a little bit. But I was like this is not enough. So I came up with the sibling analogy. Now, I don't know how I'm going to top this for next month. Maybe I'll have to come up with an even better analogy. But
Mircea Gogoncea: but yeah, I think this really resonated with people the fact that I was personifying these characters, the products. So I want to run you through a structure and then tell you what I think worked in this specific update. I actually have another one, a bonus clue. If I have time to share that, I can also show. You know, that also worked pretty well in the past.
Mircea Gogoncea: so I always have the same few sections. I have an intro, which in this case is very long. We don't normally do such a long intro. It's split into multiple parts for multiple products.
Mircea Gogoncea: That's because we're raising money for Confee, which is important for our investors, and we have some recipients here that handle accelerators. So we want them to know that virtual brochures are still a thing that we did so. So I had to dedicate the whole section to that, just to make sure that they know we're still in business, and we're not abandoning that product as well. But basically I do. Intro, then, I do financial updates. Interesting thing, Brent, I should probably put those
Mircea Gogoncea: the end. It's an interesting idea. I didn't think about that before. We have sales. We have a very highly seasonal product. So our like sales are all over the place. And this is a big problem that we're trying to fix partially with a new product that we're doing. So we see, you see this, you know, big big swings going up and down multiple styles of accounting that we use for the financials. And then, after this, we have highlights and lowlights. So every update that we ever
Mircea Gogoncea: did has had those 4 sections, intro financials, highlights, lowlights
Mircea Gogoncea: within the financials. I have an engagement subsection which speaks about like which you know how many users have been engaging with the platform recently. You'll see nothing special happened this month. Basically, the you know, demand side usage has been pretty flat. Sometimes we see big spikes, or sometimes we see things going down. But that was not the case here. Now I want to.
Mircea Gogoncea: I want to call out a few small things. So I do these arrows that show you how things have been going based on last month. So if stuff has been even equal to last month I do. A orange straight arrow down is a red downward arrow, and up is we have some ups
Mircea Gogoncea: up is a green arrow. Most of the arrows are down this this month, but that is the reality of running a business. So I'm big on color coding and making things easy to follow. Some of the information in the highlights and lowlights is repeated from the intro. I've noticed that people tend to read the intro more than the highlights and lowlights themselves.
Mircea Gogoncea: and occasionally, or usually I also have an asks. I did not have an asks, or better said, in this case my ask was fundraising for confee. It's a pretty clear ask. There is a time, link, and all of that there is a pitch deck. So there are some pretty clear asks that I happen to title differently, but it can be just titled asks as well. I want to show an example of how this can be done differently, but I'm also happy to take it in whatever direction you would like. Chloe and everybody else in the audience.
George Haikal: So compared to your other updates. You had a longer intro, and the rest of the categories were the same like.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yes.
George Haikal: The differences.
Mircea Gogoncea: The rest of the categories were the same. I had a longer intro with this analogy, this family analogy that I came up with that is possibly not my original work, as we've seen. But yeah, we had a longer intro. We had deep color coding. We had a humanizing analogy.
Mircea Gogoncea: possibly an intriguing title. I always follow the same format of title, name, pipe, and then cicada investor update in the month during which it comes. So that that was the same. But I did. I do think that this storytelling, these storytelling devices that I used
Mircea Gogoncea: helped it actually be more successful. It's also possible that because I am fundraising that some investors shared this with their network of colleagues and friends, and, you know, wanted to evaluate the deal. So possibly it's where we might just be overthinking it. And it's just the fact that I'm raising money, and that's it could be that as well. But I want to show you one other update where I did something slightly different.
Mircea Gogoncea: If yeah.
George Haikal: Talk through who you're who you're sending this to.
George Haikal: and then, with all that additional reach, what did you receive
George Haikal: like? What? What were the what were people saying?
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah. So I have a list that I just keep here in notion. And it's all the people that receive our funding updates. There are real investors, prospective investors, some mentors, some emails that are broken like this one, for example, which I tend to highlight, and if they keep being broken for a few months. I take them off the list.
Mircea Gogoncea: and this gets pasted into BCC, just like Brent does. No, no big tools. I keep all my investor updates in notion and in our data room. And I have a list of people here that are just.
Mircea Gogoncea: You know, people that have either given us money or mentorship, or that I'm trying to convert into investors. For example, this is a potential angel now trying to convert him, but hasn't happened. This is an angel that is real, and they have given us money. So you know, it's a series of series of people. There's Chloe right here, series of people. You're actually only that low because your email changed. You were right here at the top in the beginning. But your email was updated. So that's why that's why you're there.
Mircea Gogoncea: And yeah, it just goes. It just goes to this list of people. And I use a variety of tools to figure out who opened and how many opens I got for each one I don't track. So this is not a kpi just to be clear. I don't spend my days looking at how many people open the email. But when I see something special, I see, like over a hundred opens, I'm like, Okay, that's interesting. You know, it shows that people care about this at some point.
George Haikal: Question from the chat. It looks like you sent this from an email address called Cicada Team team at, can you elaborate on this.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, so this is our primary email address for all sort of basic business communications. And it's
Mircea Gogoncea: I know we're recording. But I'm just gonna admit to it. It's a cost saving anytime that we have to buy multiple seats for any software that we have ever bought.
Mircea Gogoncea: We buy it on the team email. And everybody logs into the same team email. There are security risks associated with that. Obviously, I'm not supposed to do this. I'm supposed to buy a seat for every team member. But realistically, this is the email that everybody interacts with my co-founder. And I have access to this. Together. We have our own individual emails, although even with that we are so cheap that we only got those like 2 months ago. And we've been
Mircea Gogoncea: business for almost 2 years. So we are literally just, very, very, very frugal, maybe because both my co-founder and I are born in Eastern Europe before and shortly after the fall of the Soviet Union. So we are very, very careful with how we spend our money.
George Haikal: Awesome. And then, just for contrast. Brent, you send yours from Brent at right.
Brent Hasse: Correct. Yeah, I send it from it.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, and it's probably better practice to do that. I have. Now. I have mircha@securamusic.net. But since I had sent like a year's worth of updates before I got that, or even more, I didn't think it made sense to switch. So I'm doing it from the same
Mircea Gogoncea: team at email. This is also the same email that sends out things like notifications for our users. But I don't use this for marketing purposes to keep the domain authority high and to keep deliverability high. So yeah, it's like a shared email for interfacing with the business at large. There are people writing me, people writing my co-founder. It's just the entities email. So to say.
George Haikal: Awesome any other questions we move to next update.
George Haikal: Okay, we're good.
Mircea Gogoncea: I wanted to show us a difference here. This also did very well. Now, in this one it's pretty clear that I had some big news, you know, so that definitely helped putting that out in the actual title of the update itself was useful. But I wanted to give this to you as a as a different option. Here I made a video update. I am very comfortable.
Mircea Gogoncea: Oh, sorry.
George Haikal: Alex, go ahead.
George Haikal: and what we do.
Mircea Gogoncea: I'm not sure if you wanted to say something. Did you understand.
George Haikal: So, Alex, he's asking about the arrows there.
George Haikal: Thank you.
Mircea Gogoncea: Oh, sorry I couldn't hear. I couldn't hear properly. I see. I see. Yeah, the arrows that I use. Yeah, yeah, so these are just SS key characters. Is that how you read it? A. SCII,
Mircea Gogoncea: so this is just the you know, when you Google Arrow up or something you'll just get to like. You can just copy paste. These characters.
George Haikal: He's in roommates.
Mircea Gogoncea: Sorry.
George Haikal: It was like, Did you do like a
George Haikal: between, like, okay, we have cash in the bank. You have a little arrow. Did you put like minus. I don't know, because the arrow doesn't just means the direction, but not.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yes.
George Haikal: 6.
Mircea Gogoncea: I keep it.
Mircea Gogoncea: Just do, Arrow. I don't do the full graph. If I were to graph every single number in here it would be very long. I have experimented with putting the actual value, like minus, you know, 6,000 plus 7,000. I have done that. I found that it doesn't really make a difference for me. Personally, you got to strike a balance between the amount of information that you give. So you know, some people do just
Mircea Gogoncea: just the number. Others do. Arrows like me or or others do graphs for every single, for every single thing I have to say, because of some of the terms from some of the investors that we raised from. They have information rights. And so I have to make an update every month. I don't have the ability to not I committed to that when I took their money. This was even before Techstairs, and I have to put in some of these.
Mircea Gogoncea: Some of these financial updates are, you know, required for me to add. And so I actually, what I did was I just looked at what they were requiring me to do. I fulfilled those box. I checked those boxes, and that's kind of where I stopped, but you can strike your balance wherever you think is necessary for you. Maybe you just do numbers. Maybe you do numbers press plus arrows. Or maybe you do values with the change in percentage change and absolute change from last month, and the graph like, you could go really crazy if you wanted to be
Mircea Gogoncea: really specific about things.
George Haikal: Okay. Nick, thanks.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah. So I wanted to highlight with this. Oh, did did we have more questions.
George Haikal: No go ahead!
Mircea Gogoncea: All right. I wanted to highlight the difference between the 2 updates that I was sharing here. This one had a longer intro in the color coding, and I think that helped it be very successful. This one had a video. I was really happy with the revenue growth that we had accomplished. And I made a video. This is a gift that I exported out of that same video. This doesn't have sound, but it links to the video itself.
Mircea Gogoncea: and the video is included on a dedicated sort of notion, Doc. Here I have a summary. The summary is just chatgpt, and I'm like, open this. If you want to read the summary. But watch the damn video. It's just 5 min. I didn't say it like that, but you know, just investors have no time. I try to be respectful of their time. That being said, you know, they also have all of this information here, and I want to point out one thing. So, as I mentioned.
Mircea Gogoncea: the structure is all the same. We have asks at the top here. They're not always at the top, but in this case they were. Then we have financial updates. Then we have the subsection of engagement updates, highlights and lowlights. But, for example, for all of the success that this
Mircea Gogoncea: second most successful investor update has had.
Mircea Gogoncea: I didn't get any one of these asks fulfilled.
Mircea Gogoncea: I had 3 asks. It went out to like 30 people. Nobody
Mircea Gogoncea: told me anything. Nobody even said that they know any event hosts at Techweek. So I just want to say, this does happen. I'm not bitter about it. Just imagine, you know, understand, that this is not. This is not always going to be successful. I did get some of our investors commenting pretty cool, you know, talking about tools and things that I can use to to gain more information, but very few responses. Here I got a lot of opens, but only like 4 responses and no asks were actually
Mircea Gogoncea: addressed, which is, you know, just just want to point out that that also happens. And that's okay. It doesn't mean that they're doing something wrong necessarily.
George Haikal: Do you have any ideas on? Why this performed less in terms of outcomes compared to previous updates.
Mircea Gogoncea: I think because I'm raising money in this one. I think it's as simple as that. It could be a storytelling thing. It could be something else. But I think it's just. It's probably silly. I might be wrong. That's just my hypothesis. Right now. I'd be curious if anybody else's thoughts. Obviously, you haven't read the whole update. But like, I think that's I think that's it.
George Haikal: Interesting. Okay. Perfect.
George Haikal: All right. Any questions.
Mircea Gogoncea: Nice.
George Haikal: Alex Kennedy with us. Alex, do you wanna do a quick intro.
Alex Kennedy: Yeah, hey? Everyone Chloe, thanks for, and I don't know if Neil's in there. But thanks for inviting me in congratulations to you all on making the tech stars. That's a huge accomplishment. You're part of the 1%, or whatever it is right.
Alex Kennedy: what?
Alex Kennedy: Oh, anyway?
Alex Kennedy: So my name is Alex. I'm the co-founder and CEO of purposely.ai, which is software that delivers AI insights and streamlined workflows for, media and creative strategists so kind of a digital marketing and advertising play.
Alex Kennedy: We yeah, we have a number of paying Beta customers. We did techstars. Future of e-commerce
Alex Kennedy: powered by ebay in 2020, bye.
George Haikal: Pretty, sweet.
Alex Kennedy: 3 to 4.
George Haikal: Yeah.
Alex Kennedy: The fall of 3 to winter of yeah. January of 2024 was demo day.
Alex Kennedy: so yeah, what else can I say up front. I mean, I could happy to just dive in to the updates or anything else I can share.
George Haikal: That's that's perfect. And we've just been running through example, updates talking about audiences, how they've changed over time and any tips and tricks. You have any tools that you use to gather data.
George Haikal: All of that good stuff to enable these groups to kick off their 1st update. At the end of the week.
Alex Kennedy: Perfect.
Alex Kennedy: So yeah, just some some quick ones at the top here. So 1st of all, I'm sure you've gotten this couple of times now, but I'll just kind of
Alex Kennedy: emphasize the importance and the value of sending these updates that they're super helpful. I did start doing them before techstars, but certainly not at a weekly cadence. And you know it's it's not easy to do it weekly, but it's such an important muscle to build.
Alex Kennedy: And so I really just wanted to emphasize the importance of this upfront. And like.
Alex Kennedy: it's hard. But it's it's healthy, right? It's good for you, especially if you can be numbers oriented and and data driven.
Alex Kennedy: yeah. And I've just, I've gotten a ton of value from them like a lot of intros. I've gotten investors I've gotten, you know, regularly get 20 plus responses. In the the ones I sent. I I tend to send them pretty broadly. What's up, Neil? Good to see you.
Alex Kennedy: I send them pretty broadly, so the tools I use are yam and hubspot, and I will get into that in a bit.
Alex Kennedy: in terms of screen sharing and showing you the the kind of 2 cadences I use are, and audiences are one advisors that are pretty broad quarterly cadence. So there's like hundreds of people on that I think like around 500 now, and I'm
Alex Kennedy: adding to it every quarter right every time I go through my hubspot, and like, for all the calls or people I've met that are new, I'll add them to that list
Alex Kennedy: that are relevant.
Alex Kennedy: And then the other one is target investors, and that's a much smaller audience, and that is more frequent when I'm fundraising.
Alex Kennedy: So that's obviously not all the time, although sometimes it does feel like I'm always raising. But I'm not currently raising but when I am, that's more like bi-weekly, or every 3 weeks or so just to kind of show progress and traction. And I think it is, you know, strategic to
Alex Kennedy: have some kind of wins like teed up, so to speak so that, you know, like, you know, you can share those wins and and build the momentum around the fundraise. But the main one is the quarterly broad advisor updates
Alex Kennedy: and happy to share some examples. Did were you gonna say something, Chloe, or.
George Haikal: Yeah,
George Haikal: So for this advisor list, is it like mentors you're meeting? Is it potential customers like
George Haikal: just that? Anyone who's interested.
Alex Kennedy: Pretty much. Yeah, it's just kind of like a broad group of anyone in my orbit that is interested, that, you know, wouldn't like be confused at the title of advisor like it's I use that informally and broadly, you know, and so
Alex Kennedy: I had a customer prospect that had a number of calls. With that I added to this update. And
Alex Kennedy: now the latest one which I'll show you was talking about some
Alex Kennedy: fundraising traction and asking if they know any angels, and he responded as an interested, and now he literally might invest as an angel investor. And so you just never know who is going to lean in and and want to get involved in some capacity. And so, you know, I think, like
Alex Kennedy: keeping people appreciate being kept updated. They appreciate like being thought of as an advisor, whether they are or not. And so I think it can't hurt to just toss someone in there always include an unsubscribe link. I I mean, I think,
Alex Kennedy: ask for permission when in doubt, right like, and lean on that. I know you know people have different, but
Alex Kennedy: people can always unsubscribe. So let me share the screen here.
Alex Kennedy: Nope, wait. Sorry. That is my notes.
George Haikal: I just wanna while you're working on that, I want to double tap on the usage of this list as a fundraising tool. Sending regular updates with regular wins. To stay on the top of people's inboxes is like really good strategy. I really like that.
Alex Kennedy: Thank you.
Alex Kennedy: Okay, so
Alex Kennedy: I'll just show you a few different things. So this is the doc I use to draft all of my weekly techstars updates when I was in program. Nothing too exciting. But I think it's helpful to have like an ongoing
Alex Kennedy: doc that you can draft from what I used for
Alex Kennedy: these tech stars weekly updates is a tool called yam. You can see. I switched to this. You can see it right? Yeah, you big yam fan, Neil, yet another mail merge. And I highly recommend it, not just for these, but for sales emails like for any type of personalized email you want to send? Can I see a quick show hands? Has anyone heard of yam or used it in the audience?
George Haikal: Yeah, yeah.
Alex Kennedy: Okay, Neil's been touting it. All right. Good. So then, I don't need to send the link. But it's YAMM.
Alex Kennedy: And basically, the way that works. Just so, you know, is you set up a spreadsheet like a Google sheet, you just need like name. And email, I think is or really just email is the minimum viable. But then you can do personalization tokens. And then you do a draft in your inbox, in your gmail
Alex Kennedy: and then you can personalize it so like obviously name. And then quick note like, Hey, you know, great to catch up with you 3 weeks ago, or whatever this personalized thing, and then the rest of it is generic. And you get opens and clicks.
Alex Kennedy: and I just it's like super easy, and it's like literally $30 a year, not a per month per year. So it's super affordable. And I've used it for sales for investor selling like it's great.
George Haikal: And that's for the paid version. There's also a free version. Yeah, that's awesome.
Alex Kennedy: highly recommend. So that's what I use for this, I know a lot of people use paper street I, just
Alex Kennedy: because I had a lot of experience with yam. I loved it. I use that. I also after techstars. I kind of slowed down the cadence. I I did weekly for a while, and then I kind of slowed it back down to monthly or quarterly, and I just felt that
Alex Kennedy: quarterly is the best cadence for me, because I'm sending them so broadly to like this broad advisor group. And so that was just kind of what's worked best for me. It's it's different for everyone. Right? So do what's best for you. But I switched back to Hubspot for my quarterly advisor sends, and I'll just show you
Alex Kennedy: this one is the latest one that I sent February 13.th
Alex Kennedy: so I think it's helpful to put numbers in the subject line when you can. Right kind of show that traction.
Alex Kennedy: the format that I use for most of them I was just looking back, are updates
Alex Kennedy: in terms of the structure, asks and thank yous. This, thank yous. One is not always one I used to do, but I think it's really a sleeper category. One of an advisor kind of recommended that I do that.
Alex Kennedy: And it's just a great way to like make people feel special. And give a shout out.
Alex Kennedy: and I think, yeah, just kind of like build Karma points
Alex Kennedy: with the asks I saw. I think Mercia had them upfront. I think that's smart. I actually, you know what I usually do a Tdlr asks up top
Alex Kennedy: like this, but I guess I forgot to do that last time.
Alex Kennedy: But yeah, with the Updates section, it's pretty broad. Go ahead, or whoever.
George Haikal: I'm saying I love how short your asks are
George Haikal: like right up front what you need in like 2 lines.
Alex Kennedy: Yep.
George Haikal: Yeah, that's awesome.
Alex Kennedy: Super. Super.
Alex Kennedy: So for the updates section.
Alex Kennedy: this is pretty open ended. And it's really just like the best things that I have to share. Right? So obviously, if we've signed new customers, I'm usually talking about that. Any new funding and product updates.
Alex Kennedy: We did like a super bowl ads, predictions event. So I shared the video to that on Linkedin. I also always do this as a refresher. What we are. And I think multiple people have commented like that's so helpful that you do that because, like people forget right? And they're busy. And so I highly recommend having something like that. And then I have something just kind of personal at the top.
Alex Kennedy: Maybe something a little fun and cheeky.
Alex Kennedy: And
Alex Kennedy: yeah, and I think it might have even been Brent who shared this when I was in program about, do you have 3 kids? Brent?
Alex Kennedy: Yeah, okay, I remembered correctly. You shared about like having your 3rd kid.
Brent Hasse: Yeah. Yup.
Alex Kennedy: That was really cool, and I kind of copied you because I did that too, like a few months ago, when we had our 1st baby, and I remember you were just talking about like making it personal
Alex Kennedy: cause that resonates right like, just be yourself, be authentic, and that resonates with people. So I did that as well. I also had, like a little bit of a hiatus from these updates.
Alex Kennedy: and was just kind of like explaining why, you know, I hadn't been as disciplined, maybe, as I should have, you know, thanked my wife there like people like to see that you're a human, you know.
George Haikal: We did this go on?
George Haikal: When did this update go out.
Alex Kennedy: This one would have been
Alex Kennedy: well, the baby was in August.
Alex Kennedy: Let's see which one was it?
Alex Kennedy: October? It looks like 17.th
George Haikal: Gotta check. I gotta make sure I'm getting your messages. So I missed this one. That's why I was asking, because I'm like, Where is it
George Haikal: really?
George Haikal: But yeah, you know.
Alex Kennedy: On! There, man!
George Haikal: Okay, yeah, I'll have to double check. I don't know why it's not showing up. But I also wanted to call out Alex real quick like. I think
George Haikal: I mean, you close. Did you talk about like the the fundraise that you did? I'm curious to know the implications of the updates you share, because I remember in particular, techstars got a little excited once you posted about the plan of Perkins commitment last year.
Alex Kennedy: Yeah. So
Alex Kennedy: Kleiner did invest, which is super exciting. I will say it's a scout investor. So for those of you who don't know it's kind of like an angel check. It's a small check. It's not like a full full time investor with Kleiner, but it is
Alex Kennedy: the Kleiner, a Kleiner Perkins Fund. And so they, you know.
George Haikal: Name like that in and of itself, like the tier one Vc commitment type of thing. You include that in an update. And all of a sudden, like people start to perk up. You know they like to pile on the stuff like.
Alex Kennedy: 100. Yeah, appreciate that, Neil. So that was a big win. So yeah, we got the commitment. And I, you know, asked her if I could share that. And she said yes, and so that definitely helped Garner interest. So anything any little like traction like that that you can share to get people excited definitely highlight it?
Alex Kennedy: and so yeah, that. And then, like, I think this other angel. So you know, I use this update and this excitement about getting Kleiner to then kind of feed into my ask right which is intros to angels. I should also say so
Alex Kennedy: that Kleiner investment led to another angel
Alex Kennedy: also investing. So it's like to Neil's point these things just snowball. And then I use that in my ass right? Like. So we got it, you know, client, we got another angel. It's like, do you know any other angels? There's momentum here, you know, we're getting real interest.
Alex Kennedy: you know, or even if if you are interested yourself right? Getting in at the lowest price before a big public launch. And I don't, you know, want a hard sell. But just reply, anyone and this guy who I was telling you about, who is a customer prospect responded, and is like, Hey, I'd love to catch up. We had lunch last week, and he's like verbally committed to Angel Invest. So you just never know who is going to be interested?
Alex Kennedy: and like again. I don't think he. It wouldn't have happened if it wasn't for these updates like, you know, I wouldn't have thought of him as being as someone who would have been interested, but like so when in doubt, just include people on there, you just never know.
Alex Kennedy: I'll share a few more here, and then take any questions.
Alex Kennedy: So again, I showed this one. You know, any milestones with metrics like, super helpful.
Alex Kennedy: okay, this is an example of an investor update. So it's targeted specifically at target investors.
Alex Kennedy: When I was like in the middle of kind of the fundraise. And you'll notice it's a little more metrics oriented. I decided to, I think at some point I did, Kpis, for I can't remember if I did it for the broad quarterly one. But you know, obviously, for in anyone who's a potential investor, they're very numbers oriented. So that's that's helpful.
Alex Kennedy: And you know, if I think for the advisor ones. I I didn't do it as much in terms of the Kpi section, but like for the investors, obviously numbers case studies. This is also pretty short and to the point, and cause these are like bi-weekly, or every 2 3 week updates
Alex Kennedy: this is one of the early ones that I sent when we got like our 1st Sas contract signed
Alex Kennedy: challenges. That's an interesting one, too. I haven't done this in a in a little while, but like I think it can also be really helpful to just be authentic. And, like, you know, we'll miss our 3 Q. 3 goals.
Alex Kennedy: but that happens right like, you know it. It can show that you're setting aggressive targets, even if you're not hitting them.
Alex Kennedy: So I think I would like to bring that back. It's it's always hard to be kind of vulnerable, but I think it can certainly pay off
Alex Kennedy: and I think the last thing was a piece of advice, or have we not gotten there yet.
George Haikal: Yeah, I'm gonna ask everyone. I'll I'll ask for some questions. And then I'm gonna ask you all for a piece of advice for the new class before we wrap up
George Haikal: have one quick question. So my take on, this update is like consistency. If consistency is important.
George Haikal: innovation is also important. So we need to have some like novel content here to make some attractions. Of course, we need to have a kind of like a story as well follow that story along with consistency.
George Haikal: I'm just curious about like the how flexible it can be in terms of timing
George Haikal: like. Now we are like fixing ourselves like, let's say, 6 months, like a yearly update or like during the of course, of course, like the next slide would be like weekly updates. But what if we connect ourselves with some like milestone to some events like, let's say we are fundraising now. So now do some kind of update prior to this, even for some industry events, or, like so many other, some trends in industry.
George Haikal: How could be flexible in terms of like timing for sending the updates guys, I want to hear from you all. But I want to get my quick. Take real quick. Just as the investor in the room. So on the investor side. One pattern that you want to make sure you design against is the opportunistic update
George Haikal: meaning. I only hear from you when you want something from me.
George Haikal: So a lot of times do this where you start seeing updates from them out of nowhere. You're like, Oh, okay, they're probably trying to kick off fundraising, and as soon as they finish or try and fail.
George Haikal: then they stop sending the updates.
George Haikal: So if you are the fickle founder who's only willing to put in the work when you have something to gain, and there's no other like, really, you know, intent. There, that's a sign, right? That's a negative sign. So I definitely don't recommend you activating updates and then deactivating them, like.
George Haikal: you know, for for no like clear reason, that being said, it might be interesting to impact Alex's perspective, because each of them have probably been in the state where they had things to share and moments when they didn't, and they weren't sure how to handle or communicate that to their stakeholders. So I'll defer to you guys. But on the investor side, that's 1 thing we flag with respect to the founder, which is why we ask for your updates in the data.
George Haikal: So if we see a pattern of like in like a volatility in your commitment or consistency. That's not a deal breaker, but it is potentially a negative mark.
George Haikal: Also what some folks will do after techstars is their 1st update after techstars they'll just have a note below their one liner. We've wrapped up techstars. So these updates are going to be monthly now, or they're going to be quarterly now, just like a little note at the top, like 7 words, to give people a heads up that they shouldn't be expecting the same cadence.
Alex Kennedy: Sorry could you repeat the question?
George Haikal: The question is about cadence. So if, like, basically, how do you decide when and how often to post updates? And is it okay to sometimes turn them off or adjust the timing of when you're sending them out. He's also asking about milestone based updates versus time-based updates.
George Haikal: So like specific conferences, events whatever versus choosing a timescale to check in during
George Haikal: yeah Mirta side. And then I'll.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, yeah, I had some thoughts. I wanted to say one thing on the cadence. One thing I noticed myself is that the better the company is doing, the easier it is to write the updates. And so it's hard to swallow the bitter pill of actually sending the update when everything is looking down.
Mircea Gogoncea: which does happen. Unfortunately, you know, high, high, low lows. So by making yourself go through that negative process. 1st of all, you are getting a reality check about where you are in the business, and I think you build resilience and character that will allow you to actually go through these times. It is so much more fun to be like
Mircea Gogoncea: revenues up. Money has been raised. That's awesome. But it's just not always going to be that way. So yeah, consistency consistency is key. I do have some more advice. But this is an answer specifically to this question.
George Haikal: What else?
Alex Kennedy: Yeah. So I'll just say, in terms of cadence, I totally agree with Neil's point of like, try to be consistent, so have at least one send, even if it's just quarterly, I would say it's it's kind of tough to justify doing less frequently than quarterly. But if you have a quarterly update. That's kind of always on. Then that shows consistency discipline, you know.
Alex Kennedy: but I do think, you know, I also think that it's okay to then dial up and down more targeted sends and series. So for me, I had, like the target investor where I'm like pushing hard. I think Mercia was talking about one of his emails didn't perform as well because it was a fundraising email, right? Like asking you for money. If you are knocking down someone's door, asking them for money every 3 weeks, for in perpetuity, what do you think is going to happen? They're probably, gonna like.
Alex Kennedy: put, you know, push you out and and close you off or unsubscribe. And so I do think for that. When you're making hard asks of someone.
Alex Kennedy: it's okay to like, turn it on and off right. So that that's my thought.
Brent Hasse: I'd say the exact same stuff. They just said so.
Brent Hasse: Also.
George Haikal: One last question, what is the sign that we are sending with negative points? Actually, so like, let's say, investors, we are saying that we have some negative numbers here.
George Haikal: So and then we are just telling them like, so, okay, you still have time for the next month. Probably there will be some better news. So that's okay, and they will. Probably I don't know. You have the experience of being invested. So probably you can become better.
George Haikal: It's about how you're thinking about your negative news. So if you have bad news, how are you addressing it? What are you doing about it? And what questions do you have, or what support do you need? And if you frame that in a thoughtful way, it's still impressive. Bad news, because I'm at least excited about how you're trying to solve the problem
George Haikal: right? I think the other thing that's really compelling on my, from my point of view, I'm curious to get you. All's reaction to this guys on the call.
George Haikal: the the premise of knowing that
George Haikal: when something bad is happening, you have.
George Haikal: You're you're like willing to acknowledge it, but at the same time, like you're not shying away from it.
George Haikal: You know what I mean so like
George Haikal: I don't know like we know something is wrong.
George Haikal: Put it out there, let us know, and let us help you with and make that super clear. How we, how we take action. One thing that I've seen some founders you like nutrisense is, they'll put an Easter egg at the bottom of the email
George Haikal: like they'll just see if you read so like. If you read this far, like like sign up here to book a conversation, or there's usually some like little Easter egg where there's a clever founder trying to spiel out whether you're like well, whether you deserve to be on the list. Does that make sense
George Haikal: just realized? Is the predictability?
George Haikal: So you want to be able to show that you can predict the future a little bit. So if you're saying in an update both what happened, but also what you're striving towards.
George Haikal: It's important to, under promise over. Deliver. But make sure that you inform like, what if you hit your target or not? Because if you set an expectation of one message about something going on, and if you say nothing about it in the next update, that's another time that something's up and you're not ignoring.
George Haikal: right? Because you're embarrassed or you're shy away from it, or whatever I was. Gonna say, also
George Haikal: acknowledging your bad news. Let's free to your stage full of shit. Yeah, we know that we know that
George Haikal: if I go through any companies updates, and it's all like glowing, happy sunshine, like, I think they're a liar. It's startups are really hard. It's going to be hard. Everyone here at this stage especially tech starts expects things to be really hard. And some of our mentors will be familiar with, like the post event is like slump and overwhelm, like people like understand the cadence of program. It's going to be hard and post program. Startups are still really hard, and people want to help you
George Haikal: and like, expect you to run into challenges. And it's really about how you approach that and how you treat the roadblocks that you run into.
George Haikal: I am a pretty brutal person sometimes, and I explain like, hey, you know, at this stage, like, really.
George Haikal: And you know, Andrew is like, Hey, maybe so. There's probably a balance right? I don't know. Yeah. Told him he was ready. So you know, yeah.
George Haikal: maybe you're if you make that higher, you can do an update title. 3 guys cool.
George Haikal: I just want to make a quick comment. So like when I was at my last role, I would meet a lot of companies that I liked. But for some reason you don't invest in them. You don't progress with them, and I'd say, you know what like. Add me to your updates. And I would read those so like, yes, you are being evaluated like there are investors on your investor updates who may become an investor later. So like it is a very real option. But at the same time, I think what everyone said like address any issues directly like.
George Haikal: Oh, we didn't hit our revenue targets because of XY. And Z. Here's what we learned. Here's what we're doing next month, and I think there's also an opportunity to invite engagement like, Oh, if you, you know, seen a similar issue. If you have experience. If you know a seller, B, 2 B salesperson, we're looking to bring them on to solve this issue like there's ways to kind of spin it to be like.
George Haikal: we're we're changing our strategy. And we're we want to engage with the community for XY. And Z. Reasons like, I think that that could work.
George Haikal: Have you guys had any experience with sort of like for people on your update list to like pop up and end up changing.
George Haikal: but I'm not sure that you hear me.
Mircea Gogoncea: We lost you at the end there. Sorry.
George Haikal: People you kind of forgot about who stayed on your update list and then have popped back up and been helpful.
Brent Hasse: And a little bit of that. But
Brent Hasse: yeah, we I mean, that's a a customer we had, I mean.
Brent Hasse: solid, solid revenue. We're adding strictly because of someone that I talked to a year ago didn't hear from them. And then, when we again shifted our business model.
Brent Hasse: their business model shifted, and now it aligns so absolutely.
Mircea Gogoncea: I'm going to be the unfortunate bearer of bad news that hasn't happened to me at all. Any benefit that came from somebody on my updates came from me, reaching out to them separately outside of an update and then convincing them to do something. But I think that's fine. I want to say. The way that I philosophically look at investor updates is in the same way that I look at business in many ways. But
Mircea Gogoncea: you create the opportunity for good things to happen.
Mircea Gogoncea: and if they don't, that's not something to be mad about or to be disappointed about. You are creating luck. You are creating more options for luck to appear every time that you write an update. So far, our luck hasn't sprung out of there. But it's sprung out of other things. And doing these updates is part of that process of creating luck for myself. That's how I think about it.
George Haikal: So I wanna I want to call something out, though I will say that he doesn't leave anything up to chance. Okay? So like the reason he's saying that is because before there's an opportunistic moment for someone to serendipitously help, he asks for help proactively all the time I just got was a 4 min boxer from you on Sunday.
George Haikal: like he does not hesitate. So I love that about Mirja, because, like, if there was a chance that someone might be able to help. He'll figure it out 1st and ask them to do it.
George Haikal: So you get that. You get what you ask for primarily and like you don't even leave it up to chance. Man, that's my feedback about you, which is great.
Mircea Gogoncea: That's amazing, and you know, the more impressive thing is not that I wrote you, or I sent you a 4 min voxer on Sunday, but that you replied on Sunday. So if you are, you know, if if
Mircea Gogoncea: if you can get if if Neil thinks you're worthy for me, that's just a huge. That's just that's just, you know, it's like, it's like a greatest one of the greatest achievements of your life.
George Haikal: One more minute to, we have a final question.
George Haikal: One more question. So, yeah, this is our 1st day, guys. So you're the 1st impression. You're the bears of our 1st impression, for these founders would love for you all to weigh in and give them any advice as they go into this techstars experience, and any other thoughts or feedback you all have digging back to when you went through it, and what you've learned since.
Brent Hasse: We could. We could just go in order here as we went before.
Brent Hasse: I'll say your business is gonna change. So just be comfortable with change.
Brent Hasse: Listen. You have so many smart people there. Listen to them, but don't follow them blindly. You need to be happy with the decisions that you make find ourselves at times feel. Oh, they said this, I'm going to do that, and then you realize it's not the direction you want to go. So listen to yourself. You get
Brent Hasse: out what you put in. You know, as we were just talking about there, you know, if you're Neil's not going to help you. If you're not, you know, also helping other people like it's it's part of this, give and take and always give. 1st is going to come around, and it's you do it in a sense where you don't even notice that you're doing it anymore. So just just generally just give. And it'll come back from you a hundredfold and
Brent Hasse: no one's gonna have the answer. You need to find the answer, so you need to put forth the effort for it. But there's a lot of people there to to help you and push you along. And
Brent Hasse: any problem that you're facing as unique as you are. Your businesses, the market, the time, the place. Someone has solved that problem or attempted to solve that problem in the past. So you need to find out who that is to speed up your learning curve, so ask ask for help, find that person, and and go from there. But good luck! You're going to have the ups and the downs.
Brent Hasse: I try. I've been trying to lop off the highs and lop off the lows to be able to stay in the middle ground, because there's a lot of exciting stuff. And then there's times where you think it's over. And all of a sudden something comes through. So, looking forward to talking with you all again, and congrats again, and it's great to to hear what you all are doing.
George Haikal: Thanks.
Mircea Gogoncea: My advice.
Mircea Gogoncea: which only builds upon the things that Brent says with which I concur, 100% is most importantly, don't ignore your health if you can make time to work out, and, you know, continue to be healthy and eat healthy. I know you're going to have a whole workshop about that, Chloe, I assume, but super super important sleep. Do whatever you can to stay healthy and number 2.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yes, a continuation of you. Get out what you put in. If you don't ask for help, you're gonna get less help.
Mircea Gogoncea: And if you don't get involved with your cohort and create that community around you. Not only are you going to get less help, but they're also gonna get less help. So I'm sure you'll talk more about that, but really treat your colleagues in the cohort as your new network, because I think it's such a valuable and important asset in your life, maybe forever.
Mircea Gogoncea: From now on.
Alex Kennedy: Yeah, very well, said both Brent and Mercia. I'm just really building off those 2. I'll have one kind of granular, practical thing that's more tailored to the, you know, the email updates, which is
Alex Kennedy: but also broadly, just do the hard work of being data driven and numbers oriented and discipline right. So like, stick to that cadence. Stick to the weekly cadence and program. It's really hard and put your kpis in there and put your metrics in there and building that muscle to like be data driven and updating your numbers every week is that was one of the most valuable things of techstars for me because I still do it.
Alex Kennedy: and I I do it bi-weekly now, in terms of updating my company metrics and kpis. But I'm still doing that. And I didn't have that discipline before, and it's really hard. But like, just hack your way into it if you have to. You know, one thing that helps on. That is a Google Calendar task. Does anyone use Google tasks?
Alex Kennedy: It's really like a helpful thing. Just put the task on your calendar. So you know, when to do it, and then you can check it off. And it feels really good. So literally, every 2 weeks update company metrics. So that's like granular, and then zooming back out, echoing what? What has already been said? A little bit. Well, 1st of all, like have an open mind, you know you might, you know a lot already. But you, you know, you're gonna learn things that
Alex Kennedy: maybe go against what you thought, but just be open to it like.
Alex Kennedy: There are certain things that Neil said that I didn't quite agree with in the moment. But now I'm like, Damn! He actually was right about that, you know, like I realized later on that he was totally right. So just have an open mind for the things that you're learning and and you're taking in, and the last thing is a complete echo of what Brent and Mercia said is, don't get too high or too low. I think that is like one of the wisest things I heard from someone. It's
Alex Kennedy: so volatile, and you just have to try to stay in the middle and balance
Alex Kennedy: as much as possible. But y'all are gonna crush it.
George Haikal: Thank you so much. This was awesome.
George Haikal: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Guys.
Alex Kennedy: Great to see you all. Best of luck.
Mircea Gogoncea: Thank you. Everyone.
George Haikal: So.